docs: add intro to abstract documentation (#38)
AbstractSDK/abstract: framework/docs/src/0_abstract_documentation.md

# Abstract Documentation

> Hi and welcome to Abstract, the interchain CosmWasm development platform! Abstract's CosmWasm framework is your gateway 
> to creating amazing things! Whether you're a coding genius or just getting started, Abstract has got your back! By 
> building composable modules you'll be crafting scalable masterpieces in no time!.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hi and welcome to Abstract, the interchain CosmWasm development platform! Abstract's CosmWasm framework is your gateway 
to taking amazing ideas from concept to reality. Whether you're a coding genius or just getting started, Abstract has got your back! By building composable modules you'll be crafting scalable masterpieces in no time.
```

## Getting Started

You can read the documentation in the order it is presented, or you can jump to the section that interests you the most! We 
also have a section with code tutorials that will help you get started with the Abstract SDK if you are more of a hands-on.

- [Abstract SDK Overview](./1_sdk_intro.md)
- [Tutorials](./10_tutorials.md)

## Explore the Abstract SDK

- [Abstract SDK Overview](./1_sdk_intro.md)
- [Core Features](./1_sdk_intro.md)

> - [Platform Essentials](./1_sdk_intro.md)

Reviewer: Are there specific headers that these could link to?

Author: I will be creating those later :)

- [Build with Abstract](./4_get_started/)
- [Glossary](./9_glossary.md)

## Use Cases

How can you use Abstract? The limit is your imagination, we can't wait to see what you build! Here are some ideas to get
you started:

- Yield farming platforms
- Decentralized exchanges
- Lending protocols
- Prediction markets
- NFT marketplaces
- Cross-chain bridges
- Supply chain managements
- Insurance and underwriting
- DAOs
- Interchain protocols

> - And more!

Reviewer: 🔥

# Abstract Documentation

Hi and welcome to Abstract, the interchain CosmWasm development platform! Abstract's CosmWasm framework is your gateway 
to taking amazing ideas from concept to reality. Whether you're a coding genius or just getting started, Abstract has got your back! By building composable modules you'll be crafting scalable masterpieces in no time.

## Getting Started

You can read the documentation in the order it is presented, or you can jump to the section that interests you the most! We 
also have a section with code tutorials that will help you get started with the Abstract SDK if you are more of a hands-on.

- [Abstract Overview](./1_abstract_platform_overview.md)
- [Tutorials](./10_tutorials.md)

## Explore the Abstract SDK

> 

Author: Good point

- [Build with Abstract](./4_get_started/)
- [Glossary](./9_glossary.md)

## Use Cases

How can you use Abstract? The limit is your imagination, we can't wait to see what you build! Here are some ideas to get
you started:

- Yield farming platforms
- Decentralized exchanges
- Lending protocols
- Prediction markets
- NFT marketplaces
- Cross-chain bridges
- Supply chain managements
- Insurance and underwriting
- DAOs
- Interchain protocols
- And more!

See how others are using Abstract in the [Use Cases](./7_use_cases/index.md) section.

## Help and Support

If you feel lost or have any doubts along the way, please reach out to us! We are here to help you!

- [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/uch3Tq3aym)
- [X](https://x.com/AbstractSDK)

## Want to make Abstract better?

We are always looking for ways to improve Abstract and welcome everybody to contribute to the project. Look at the 
[Contributing & Community](./contributing.md) section if you want to get involved.

## Links

- [Website](https://abstract.money/)
- [Github](https://github.com/AbstractSDK)
- [Medium](https://medium.com/@abstractmoney)
- [Docs](https://docs.abstract.money/)

> - [Account Console](https://app.abstract.money)

Reviewer: What do you feel about `https://console.abstract.money`? Would that be understandable for devs that it's for them not the "end-users"?

Author: That is definitely better! I was thinking the `app` subdomain was a bit strange actually, let's change it?
